counseling is about feedback giving feedback. Too many times I've been
in a finished report debriefing the The outcome was You're doing a
good job. Keep up the good work and that's great. I like doing a good
job and I will continue to keep doing the work. But really, what they
need to know is where I can get better. I don't care how good I
am, how good a person is. There's always somewhere where they can prove
if you're not as a leader, if you're not giving people feedback,
you're doing them a disservice you're not preparing them for later
on. In my opinion, now they will. Being is the simple act of being able
to receive critique constructively, of course, and feedback is a
skill in itself. You have You have to teach people how to do that.
If you're not giving feedback as a leader, you're not helping your people
out